## TLDR;
To start the vite dev server run:
```
npm run build
npm run dev
```

To start the ASP.NET backend, either start the project from your favorite IDE or:
```
dotnet run --project Server
```


The app should be available on [http://localhost:5012](http://localhost:5012)

# .NET WebAssembly + React with TypeShim

This sample bundles a .NET library into a react app, while TypeShim provides the interop boundary code. This is just _a_ possible way of using TypeShim and .NET Browser Apps. 

The domain of this app is 'people', each person may have a pet (I had to come up with _something_). The classes representing this domain are defined in the `Library` project and consumed in the react `app` project for the UI. The same classes are also consumed in the `Server` project to facilitate an Api endpoint for pulling some generated data.

> A reasonable use case for .NET browser apps that is worth highlighting is that of the `PeopleApiClient` which defines how to interact with the `PeopleController` in the server project. As the Controller and ApiClient can share code, this requires no duplicate definitions, which is typically the case with JS+.NET mixed stacks.

#### Library 
This project is where most 'logic' resides. This is rather simple stuff with classes like `Person`, `Pet` and `PeopleProvider` which are all part of the interop API (i.e. have `[TSExport]`). 

When built, this project outputs an npm project in the `/Library/bin/wwwroot` directory which contains a combination of files from:
- The source code `Library/wwwroot` 
- Dotnet wasm build artifacts
- And ofcourse: `typeshim.ts`, the generated TypeScript library that you are hopefully here to check out.

#### Server
This is an ASP.NET project that hosts the `PeopleController` and includes a proxy to expose the vite dev server from the `app` project. This provides generated test data for the app to consume.

#### app
This is the react app that consumes the .NET Library. The usage of interop classes generated by TypeShim can be found for example in `/app/src/people/PeopleRepository.tsx`.